Record 1
“If they won’t understand that we bring them mathematically infallible happiness, it will be our duty to force them to be happy”

Record 3
	But my dear friends…is this necessary anymore
		This demonstrates the thought that their life is perfect
Pg11 - I imagine that after…numerical ovelay of the Table
	This is acceptance simply due to knowledge and comfort
Pg11 - I will be totally frank…ever here
	This casts some doubt on the idea that everything can be perfected, however it is reassured iun the same paragraph that they will find a way to manage that time.
Pg11 – “freedom-unorganized savage state”
	Shows us the narrators thoughts on what freedom truly is, chaos and disorder
Pg13 – one state and science cannot be mistaken
	The narrator shows that things are true simply because one-state says so
Pg13 – expel the offending cog
	One-state is willing to kill someone who is considered “offending” or who thinks outside of the thoughts of one state

Record 5
Pg20 – Isn’t it clear…known as happiness
	There is no envy, or else there is no possibility of happiness
Pg20 – each cipher has the right to any…
	This contradicts the issue of freedom, as they still have the right to sex when they desire it. This sex drive is decided through test at a laboratory though.

Record 6
Pg25 - “clearly…to…no business in”
	I-330 presents the idea of originality killing equality, which equality is just doing your duty. D screams out that it is none of their business being original. The idea of individual thought frightens him

Record 7
Pg32 - “freedom and crime”
	with this, we see that you cannot be free without having crime. This shows that under the surveilence of a sole ruler, crime won't happen

Record 9 
We're given a first look into the benefactor. Notice the emphasis on the capital H in Him. They even refer to him as superhuman

Record 10
Pg45 - The letter
	We know that all letters have to be read by a receptionist of sorts, and then read by the bureau. This is standard and expected. What need does the bureau have to read these letters, other than a fear of people attempting to overthrow or pass secrets. One-state doesn't fully trust its ability to stand on its own.

Record 13
Pg62 - I am a slave, and this is a necessity, and good
	D is ok with being a slave, as it is for the good of the one state. Notice also the hatred of the word You, it shows hatred of the idea of someone being an individual. He hates the phrase "you love" because it shows the idea that him, independently, is the owner of this individual love. This makes him unhappy, as the idea behind one-state is no you, but we.
	"That means you love it"
	This is representative of One-State. He is afraid of 1 state because it is stronger than him, and he hates that he is afraid of it, but loves it, because he can't conquer it.
Pg64 - This is fear of doing the wrong thing, so he immediately takes the note, to avoid the danger of it.

Record 15
Pg71 - Introduced to the bell jard
	A more perfect apparatus - used for security... "the happiness of millions"

Record 16
Pg78 - A soul
	We're introduced to the soul, referrred to as a mirror. Something "warms" your soul, and suddenly it is pentrable. You retain details that aren't important
	***I'm not too sure of the importance of this for my writing case***

By this point, D-503 begins to develope feelings of hapiness in things that aren't mathematical, and he is excited by them. The idea of a perfect structured life isn't so perfect to him anymore. 

Record 18
Pg89 - D503 is trying to rationalize the existance of the sole. Does it exist, is it as real as his unif or boots, and are they a sickness? D-503 wants to udnerstand the soul. 